Kleb game theory (#158)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: whitepapers/game-theory.md

Bonding can also be thought of through the lens of reciprocity. 

Bonders buy OHM from the protocol at a discount to the market price. This benefits the protocol by increasing its treasury or protocol owned liquidity (depending on the type of bond purchased). Naturally bonders can also become stakers once they have received their OHM.
The reciprocal relationship is thus: I buy a bond so the protocol increases its treasury, and I receive discounted OHM in return. 

A mutually beneficial exchange has been established between the Olympus protocol, bonders and stakers. 

### Risks to Reciprocity in Olympus

Stakers are incentivised by a high APY. Bonders are incentivised by discounted OHM. Can these incentives break? If so, how likely is it that the reciprocal relationship breaks down? 

#### Stakers Reciprocity  

First let's examine the necessary equations determining APY:

$$
APY = (1+rewardYield)1095
$$

Rebases occur 3 times a day, hence why the APY equation raises to 1095 (365 * 3 = 1095)

$$
rewardYield = OHMdistributed / OHMtotalStaked
$$

$$ 
OHMdistributed = OHMtotalSupply * rewardRate
$$

$$
rewardYield = (OHMtotalSupply * rewardRate) / OHMtotalStaked
$$

> The reward rate is subject to change by community vote and can be thought of as the amount that OHMsupply increases per epoch that is then given to stakers. OHM total staked is decided by stakers. OHM total supply is a function of bond sales, staking rewards and minting for the DAO. These variables are exogenous as they are decided by forces outside of the model, so we should examine what happens to reward yield if any of them change and all other variables remain the same.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reward rate is subject to change by community vote and can be thought of as the amount of OHM distributed to the stakers per epoch. The total OHM supply is determined by several factors such as bond sales and DAO's minting, as documented in the [Olympus documentation](../references/equations.md#ohm-supply). These variables are exogenous (e.g. amount of OHM staked in the protocol) as well as endogenous (e.g. amount of OHM minted by the DAO, which is determined by the Policy team). Let's examine what happens to reward yield if any of them change while all other variables remain the same.  
```

> If $$ rewardRate $$ **falls** $$ rewardYield $$ **falls**. 
> If $$ OHMtotalStaked $$ **falls** $$ rewardYield $$ **rises**. 
> If $$ OHMtotalSupply $$ **rises** (but total staked stays constant i.e the percentage of staked OHM falls) $$ rewardYield $$ **rises**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If $ rewardRate $ **falls**, $ rewardYield $ **falls**. 
- If $ OHM_{totalStaked} $ **falls**, $ rewardYield $ **rises**. 
- If $ OHM_{totalSupply} $ **rises**, $ rewardYield $ **rises**.
```

Reviewer: We don't have to mention "but total staked stays constant..." since we have prefaced these scenarios by saying "while all other variables remain the same"
